Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Sweeny] Davey O'Brien.
What possessed you
to take this man hostage?
Hey. uh. Davey.
Mr. Sweeney told us
we don't touch
the Italians no more.
[Gotti] Zaccaro told me
about what you done.
And I gotta say. I'm glad
you did the right thing.
[Sweeny]
Jimmy. I get you're upset.
but we can't afford to piss off
the Italians right now.
We gotta keep our eyes
on the big picture.
And there it is. Javits Center.
Biggest project in
the history of New York City.
We play our cards right.
we're talkin' tens of millions.
They're trying to put me
on the Gambino Squad.
What the fuck is that?
[Keenan] It's a task force
made up of Feds.
They're lookin'
to take down Castellano.
This is the Gambino
family structure.
Paul Castellano at the top.
and John Gotti climbing fast.
All this government money
from the Javits.
it brings a lot
of government eyes.
So you need
to keep those animals
you got underneath you in check.
It's good to see you. Sarah.
I'm Bridget now.
Brendan Cahill
paid me a visit today.
Brendan Cahill?
What'd he want?
[Bridget] Nothing much.
[woman] My sister Annie
works at Bellevue.
She says your pal Mickey's
responding well to treatment.
Mickey fucking Flanagan.
I heard you got out.
Still hearing the voices?
[Mickey] Oh no. They zapped
them right out of me. sir.
[table shaking]
I'm almost normal now.
Your fucking pal Flanagan
took Vincent Zaccaro hostage.
Davey O'Brien! Where is he?
It was Sweeney!
I'm gonna need you to put
a bullet in Flanagan's head.
I'm sorry. Eamon.
[gunshot]
[Sweeny] You fucked us all.
you know that?
You just killed a made man
in the Gambino Family.
They're gonna come after us
with everything they got.
Jimmy. I told you what to do
and you fucking disobeyed.
He's my friend. Eamon.
And he's one of us.
I can make this go away.
How?
We disappear the body.
They'll never know
or be able to prove
what happened to him.
Disappear the body?
[Jimmy] Mm-hm. The old Houdini.
And I'll need some help.
From Breen.
Oh. yeah?
Why don't I kill the two
of you'se right fuckin' now?
[guns cocking]
Is this what you want.
Mr. Sweeney?
What. a shootout
'tween your own?
You would be playing right
into the Gambinos' hands.
Put 'em down.
Mickey. I hope you understand
how fuckin' lucky you are.
Not just to be alive.
To have a friend
like Jimmy Roarke.
[exhales heavily]
All right...
smart guy.
Disappear the body.
[tense rock music]
All right. come on.
[punk rock music]
♪ It didn't take long ♪
♪ I didn't get far ♪
♪ Before the cops were told ♪
♪ That I'd stolen the car ♪
♪ Stolen the car ♪
♪ There was an APB ♪
♪ APB ♪
♪ Sent out for me ♪
♪ Out for me ♪
♪ Ratted out by my own ♪
♪ Now I'm a public enemy ♪
♪ I'm a Catholic school kid ♪
♪ I'm an altar boy ♪
♪ Altar boy ♪
♪ I was dropped on my head ♪
♪ Now I'm here to destroy ♪
♪ Here to destroy ♪
♪ I'm a stone-cold killer ♪
♪ Stone-cold killer ♪
♪ In the CYO ♪
♪ CYO ♪
♪ I'm lining them up ♪
♪ And I'm laying them low ♪
♪ But honest as the day
is long that's a fact ♪
♪ I'm not nearly half
as bad as I act ♪
♪ See. I'm always wrong
in the eyes of the law ♪
♪ Parents and priests say
it's the final straw ♪
♪ But sure as the sun.
it rises and sets ♪
♪ I'll do it again.
it's a surefire bet ♪
[traffic passing]
[grunts]
[Breen] First thing
we gotta do is we're gonna
dig the slug outta
that thick skull of his.
'Cause the slug's
gonna match the gun.
and the gun's gonna match you.
you fuckin' idiots.
Now. we can either use
a set of pliers.
a boning knife.
even a cleaver
if it's deep enough.
Just want ya to grab his hair.
you know.
pull it back like that. Yeah?
All right. Got it.
Ah. that's not so bad.
A set of pliers'll
do that nicely.
Now. hold it back.
[murmurs]
Come on ya. you cocksucker.
Gotcha.
Now. you see this.
-You watchin'?
-Mm-hm.
You don't toss this.
You gotta grind it.
and you gotta melt it down.
I'm assuming
the gun that you used.
you filled down
the serial numbers. yeah?
Of course we fuckin' did.
All right. well. when you're
done here. I want you to take
the Circle Line. I want you to
dump it into the deepest point
in the Hudson.
you understand me?
Yeah. fine. so what now?
Well. now...
you motherfuckers.
We start choppin'. Let's go.
So. arms and legs are
the first to go.
You start at the joints.
cut between the bones.
just like you're cutting up
a nice bit of roast chicken.
God. I think I'm gonna puke.
You're a fuckin' fairy.
you know that. Mickey?
-No. I'm fine.
-Yeah? You're sure?
Yeah.
When'd he start
getting soft. huh?
Bandsaw's for the big parts
torso. spine. that kind of shit.
Organs. fingers. scrap meat.
we grind and we burn.
Long bones and skull.
we smash into tiny bits first.
Is that clear?
Trash what we can.
cook what we can't.
Are you fuckin' kidding me?
You were in fuckin' 'Nam.
you never seen
a fuckin' dead body before?
-He's seen plenty.
-Oh yeah?
I just got
a bad fuckin' stomach.
Well. you know what?
You can clean
that shit up. Mickey.
Uh-huh.
Jesus H. Christ.
All right. Roarke. if you think
you can handle it.
cut off his other arm
and then we'll cut off the legs.
and then we'll burn 'em.
Don't fuckin' throw up.
I got a better idea.
Oh. yeah. like what?
[tense music]
[sighs]
[Polk]
Focus on the Javits Center.
I want information
on financials.
bid rigging. no-show jobs.
overcharging. all the kickbacks.
Look into any suppliers
or subcontractors
they got under their thumb.
How the hell
am I supposed to do that?
You know them. they know you.
Become a friendly.
trusted presence.
Okay. all right.
Look. pardon my French.
but these guys.
they're fuckin' paranoid.
They kill people
who ask too many questions.
Then just ask the right amount.
All right.
Listen. I don't know about this.
I don't think
I'm cut out for it.
You're a strange one. know that?
I pulled your file. impressive.
Force Recon Marine.
two tours of Vietnam.
volunteered for the second.
Then NYPD. commendations.
even a medal of valor.
What the hell happened to you?
Nothin'.
Nothin' happened to me.
I'm the same I've always been.
[Polk] Then prove it.
Go out there and get me
something I can use.
[♪ Bang Bang ♪
[by Dizzy Gillespe playing]
♪ Bang bang ♪
Hey. how you doin'?
♪ Bang bang ♪♪
Shipment came in.
We cleared about 75 on this end.
Plus. the client came up
with about 25K.
No issues.
So a hundred K?
That's a nice bump.
Boys know not to mess
with the product.
Quality's good.
they pay what we say.
No shit. It's good.
That's good work. Quack Quack.
Thanks. Hey. uh. be sure
to give my regards to Big Paul.
Oh. yeah?
You want me to say that?
-Yeah.
-You want me to interrupt
his busy fuckin' day
to say that you.
Antonio.
send your fuckin' regards?
Maybe I just say you think
he should go fuck himself.
Maybe I say that? How about
that you want me to say that?
No. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Don't say nothing. Forget it.
I'm sorry.
His fuckin' face. this guy.
Take it easy. fuckin' relax.
I'm breakin' your balls.
Vin owes us envelopes
from those Mick joints
on the West Side.
Where the fuck is Zaccaro!?
What the fuck is that?
Are you just
dropping off body parts
every other fuckin' day
on my desk now?
Get it the fuck outta here.
Are you trying
to get us all pinched?
That is Zaccaro's hand.
and he's about to go
on a one-man crime spree.
That's why we cut it off.
A crime spree. With that.
[Dukey] Like Cousin It
from that show.
[Cliffy]
You talking Addams Family?
You mean Thing.
Cousin It was with the hair.
-Yeah. I don't think so.
-It was the uncle who was...
-Hey! Frick and Frack!
-Shut the fuck up. will ya?
We rob a place.
leave his fingerprints.
and get the fuck out.
You call your cop friend.
tell him to report it.
Simple.
What if the Italians don't buy
that he's still alive?
[Jimmy] They will.
We Houdini'd the body.
There's no proof
he's even dead.
let alone that we killed him.
And then. we'll burn the hand
once we leave his fingerprints
all over the city.
[sighs]
Fuckin' kids these days.
think they know everything.
-Can you believe this shit?
-You're gonna need
a lot of luck
to make this fuckin' work.
-You know that. yeah?
-No. what I need is
for everyone to be
on the same fuckin' page.
Look. these.
these fuckin' dagos.
they have their own
bullshit rules. right?
Castellano is not gonna
sanction a hit against us
unless he has absolute proof
Zaccaro's dead.
Javits money means
way too much to him.
How long you think
you can keep this up?
[Jimmy] As long as it takes.
If they can't prove it's us.
we're good.
I'll tell you what.
how about we turn
you two fuckin' clowns
over to the Gambinos?
Yeah. you could do that.
But Zaccaro was a made man.
They may not be satisfied
with just us two.
They may come after you.
Fuck it. Give it a go here
with the cousin It. Thing.
whatever the fuck it is.
But if anything goes wrong.
we will turn you
over to the Gambinos
and take our fucking chances.
Understood.
Hey. Jimmy.
I just wanna thank you
for what you done for me
back there.
It means a lot. you know.
And look. I know I was acting
a little crazy the other day.
but I think
it's 'cause I forgot to take
-my fuckin' pills. you know?
-Wait. wait. wait. wait.
Are you fuckin' serious?
Yeah. No. I'm sorry.
You have gotta take
your goddamn pills. Mickey.
'cause I am not bailing you
out of this shit again.
Yeah. no. I'm sorry. Jimmy.
Hey. look. let me buy
you a drink. huh?
It's 10 AM in the fuckin'
morning. I don't want a drink!
We have got work to do.
fixing your fuckin' fuck-up!
All right. well then after.
Jesus Christ.
C'mon. let's find
Connor and Sean.
Yeah. All right.
we'll find Connor and Sean
and then we'll get a drink.
Oh. shut the fuck up!
[engine starting]
[knock on door]
Yeah?
[Brendan] Open up.
You do not need
to be checking on me
if that's what you were doing.
Thought I'd say hello. is all.
May I?
How'd you know where I live?
I found out a whole bunch
of things about your new life.
'Cause you're
a detective now. are ya?
[scoffs]
You know. when I was in prison.
every day and night.
I thought about you.
It was the only thing
that kept my sanity.
The thought of seeing you again.
I'm glad you're free.
but things are different.
Aye.
'Cause of your boyfriend?
I hear he's quite
an interesting wee man.
A bit of a thief.
break a couple of legs.
'Cause you and I have
never hurt a fly.
He does what he has to.
to survive.
He has not had it easy.
but he's brilliant and kind
and he gets me.
Compared to me?
I've known you and your
whole family my whole life.
I don't have one anymore.
And neither does he.
He understands the pain of that.
Does he believe
in something beyond himself?
-Yeah. he does.
-What?
Me.
Brendan.
I do respect you.
But I agreed to hold the crate
for Ireland. not for you.
Please. can you leave?
Glad he's takin' care
of you. Bridget.
Alright. Sean.
keep your eyes on the street.
Keep the car runnin'.
What I need you to do
is to scare
the shit out of everyone
and make sure they're
face down on the floor.
I don't want
anyone looking up at me
while I'm doing
my thing with the hand.
Yeah. okay. I got it. Jimmy.
Yeah. I bet
they got a safe in there.
-You wanna crack that too?
-No. I'm just gonna
grab some jewelry
and get the fuck out.
Are you sure? I mean.
that's where they're gonna
-keep all the good shit.
-Hey. shit-for-brains.
am I gonna have
a problem with you?
No. no. I'm good.
Let's fuckin' do this.
Good. All right. Everyone ready?
Yup.
And don't shoot no one.
All right?
Fuckin' hand is
starting to stink!
Let's go!
[♪ Tenement Kids ♪
[by The Boys playing]
Everybody get on the floor!
You're getting fuckin' robbed!
Face the fuckin' wall!
Don't you even think of
touching that panic button!
Get your fuckin' face
on the floor!
Head down!
Eyes on the fuckin' floor!
I see those fuckin' eyes.
I swear to God
I'll blow your head off!
Keep those fuckin' eyes down!
[Mickey] I don't want to see
any fuckin' eyes back there!
Eyes down! Head down!
Eyes down on the fuckin' floor!
I don't want to see
any fuckin' eyes!
All right. boys. let's go!
[laughing. indistinct
calling out]
[horn honking]
[bartender]
Can I get you another one?
If you insist.
Kind of empty
in here today. huh?
Yeah. it's the Javits Center.
the whole
neighborhood's employed.
I was making more money
when people were broke.
[chuckling]
Yeah. huh?
Oh. Sweeney must be
licking his lips.
all the security. construction.
and labor going on.
Ah. you know how it is. Glenn.
[Glen] Yeah. What about
the Italians. I wonder?
Dagos must be
getting a piece. no?
Dagos are dagos.
It's the way of the world.
Oh. you're right.
What I don't understand.
I mean.
Gambinos must be losin'
their fuckin' minds
the biggest construction project
in the history of New York
falls into the lap of the Irish.
Yeah. go figure.
Yeah. well. maybe there is a God
and maybe he's Irish.
No doubt.
So. you seen any dagos
comin' in here lately?
What're you talking about?
Well. I'm just curious who
Sweeney's been dealing with.
Is it that fat fuck
Frank Mancuso?
Or that other grease ball
everybody's talkin' about...
John Gotti?
Now how would I know
a thing like that?
It's conversation. Ray.
I'm just. uh. musing.
Is that a word for you?
Yeah. well.
keep those kind of questions
to yourself. Glenn.
if you know what's good for ya.
Calm down Ray. I'm musing.
Sweeney wants to see you.
How'd Sweeney know I was here?
[Danny]
It's three in the afternoon.
You're a fuckin' drunk.
Where else would you be?
Huh.
Ain't easy being
a parent. is it. Ray?
[sighs]
This it? This is all you took?
That's it.
We left the fingerprints
and got out.
They had a safe
in the back. too.
-but we didn't touch it.
-Did anybody see you?
Did you fuck this up in any way?
No. No one saw a thing.
No. Mickey here scared
the shit out of 'em.
Didn't you?
It was an easy score.
You know. Boss. we could
probably go back some time.
crack that safe if you like.
The fuck you will.
What about this? You want us
to fence it for ya?
No. no. we're not
gonna fence anything.
This is gonna stay
right here with me
till this whole thing
fuckin' blows over.
All right. what's your next
move there. Bobby Fischer?
I figure we take
Zaccaro out of town.
Where to?
Near Boston.
You know. make it seem
like he's fleeing to Canada.
There's plenty of places
up there to hit.
We'll leave first thing
in the morning.
[Sweeny] Yeah. you know what?
I got a friend up there
runs a place. Corktown Pub.
Liam O'Shaughnessy's place.
he's a Southie.
Go up there. rob his place.
He'll help you.
You mean rob his own bar?
Fuckin' beat up his own mother
if I told him to.
[laughs]
-Go. on your way.
-Yes. sir.
What do you think
their chances are
-of pulling this off?
-These two?
About as good as a fart
in a fuckin' windstorm.
[laughs]
Fart in a windstorm.
That's good.
[♪ One Kiss To Remember ♪
[by Frank Fafara playing]
Hey. Lina. how you doin'?
Get the fuck outta my way!
No. no matter how fuckin' late.
even four or five
in the morning.
he always comes home!
Lina. I'm sure that
there's an explanation.
No. John. he missed
our daughter's christening
this morning! Nothing would
keep him from that!
Here. Here. Have one of these.
I just had this machine
imported from Italy.
I don't care! I don't want
no fucking coffee!
I'm nervous enough as it is!
All right. listen.
Lina. come on.
I ain't seen him
in a couple of days.
But I'm sure
that he's gonna turn up.
Is he with his goomah?
Ah. come on. Goomah? What are
you talkin' about goomah?
[Lina] Oh. shut the fuck up.
I know. all right?
I overheard him
talking to her on the phone.
Well. that is news to me.
Some Irish bitch he met
on the West Side named Erin.
And I swear to God.
if he's with her.
I will scratch
her fuckin' eyes out!
Lina. go home. Okay?
I'm gonna go look for him
myself. personally. all right?
I got a brutta sensazione.
No. come on. Don't say that.
Come on. Don't talk like that.
Come on. Come here.
I got no proof. but I can't
shake this feeling.
I think he's dead.
[door shutting]
[sighs]
-Where's your crazy half?
-Jeez!
At the 596 getting soused.
What are you doin'
sitting in the dark? Huh?
[Bridget] There is something
I didn't tell you. Jimmy.
Brendan Cahill
asked me for a favor.
[sighs]
What kind of favor?
[murmurs]
He asked me
to hold something for him.
A package.
A weapon.
And you said no. right?
Jimmy. I want to do it.
For the cause. Not for him.
I said I'd keep it at the dock
until he could ship it
to Ireland and that's it.
I am the only one
who can do this.
That was fucking stupid.
Excuse me?
You had to be smuggled
out of Ireland
to avoid being shot
on sight by the Brits.
You got out. Bridget.
You got a new life.
Why would you
wanna fuck that up?
It's a new life.
but I still want
to make a difference
whatever way I can.
If that means holding
one package for a few days.
-that's more than worth it.
-No. no. no. No.
I know how this works.
All right?
One turns into two. then he's
asking for something else.
-Don't fuckin' kid yourself.
-I'm not kidding...
I'm not kidding myself.
It's a few days...
then I'm done with it.
Done with him.
Well. make sure
he understands that.
[Irish music]
[patrons singing]
Hit us again. Ray!
How're we doing. Erin?
[scoffs]
"We." as in the royal "we"?
[chuckles]
Here. let me buy you a drink.
Or you want to buy me one?
Piss off.
All right.
I was just comin' to ask
how you were. that's all.
Oh. that's all.
[chuckles]
How do you expect me to be?
I don't know.
I saw what you did.
Excuse me?
[Erin] From my window.
You and Vinnie Zaccaro.
[chuckles]
In the car.
[laughs]
Don't worry.
I won't rat you out.
I don't give
two shits about him.
But I'm a lot poorer for it.
if you know what I mean.
You're a nice girl. Erin.
Something good will
come your way. I know it.
[laughs]
Look at you.
straight from the looney bin
and filled with good cheer.
If you don't mind...
I don't need sages tellin' me
my future when I can...
when I can see it's pretty grim.
so piss off. Mickey.
[patrons singing]
Here. that's for you.
[gasps]
I did a little job
for Mr. Sweeney.
But I kept this piece.
I want you to have it.
I don't get it.
What do you want from me?
No. no. I-I don't want nothin'.
I just. but. uh...
if you'd like to talk sometime.
I'd like that.
You know. I ain't got
many people I can talk to.
you know.
Okay.
[laughs]
All right. See you around.
[chuckles]
Why you want me
to rat out Vincent Zaccaro?
Because he robbed
a jewelry store
under my protection.
Maiden Lane Jewelers.
But you should take this up
with the Gambinos. no?
Fuck the Gambinos.
Gotti won't do anything
about this. you know that.
[Glenn] What am I supposed
to tell Agent Polk?
How do I know
Zaccaro robbed the joint?
Tell 'em you heard
a couple of drunks
mouthing off about it
at Molly Maguire's.
When the cops dust for prints.
they'll confirm it's Zaccaro.
and you're a fuckin' hero.
How do you know he left prints?
No more questions. Glenn.
Yeah. well. I'm in a sticky
fuckin' situation here.
I think this bitch
from the Gambino squad
knows shit about me.
She's got agents out there
taking pictures
all over the fuckin' place.
I gotta be careful. man.
She might even know
you're paying me off.
You want to keep
collecting that envelope.
you're gonna wanna
keep doin' what I tell ya.
I can do worse to you
than she can. Glenn.
Yeah.
Don't say things like that.
Next time don't ask
so many fuckin' questions.
[somber music]
[door opens and shuts]
[door opening]
[Apreda] John.
One of the detectives
on our payroll just told me
that Zaccaro's a fuckin' suspect
in that Maiden Lane
Jewelry robbery.
How the fuck could that be?
[Russo] Don't know.
Said Zaccaro's prints
were all over the place.
[sucks teeth]
Nah. I don't buy it.
[Russo] Come on. John.
You said it yourself.
guy loves pussy and booze.
Maybe he went south.
Yeah. but why the fuck
does he need jewelry?
Guy hasn't robbed
a fuckin' jewelry store
since he's 20 years old.
Now all a sudden he's doing
fuckin' smash-and-grabs?
Fuck that.
It's those Irish bastards.
I know it.
They take him hostage once.
and then he just
fuckin' disappears? Come on!
I gotta look into
this shit myself?
[tense music]
Jesus Christ.
What a fuckin' junker.
Beggars can't be choosers. Mick.
Roarke didn't wanna
boost a car. so...
'Cause we don't wanna
get stopped in a stolen car.
Well. why does it gotta be
my girl's wheels?
Why couldn't we just take
your car. Jimmy?
Because we need a registration
with no moving violations
or prior arrests.
Any other dumb questions?
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
How the fuck am I gonna
get beers on the ride
if the cooler's back
here in the trunk?
-Oh. for fuck sake.
-I got an easy fix for that.
We're gonna drink 'em now.
That's the best fuckin' idea
you've ever had in your life.
Yeah. All right.
Pat. you want one?
-Yeah. yeah. I'll have one.
-Good lad.
We're not drivin' drunk
up to Boston.
Drunk? What are you
talking about. drunk. Jimmy?
-It's beer. Come on.
-It's beer.
Breakfast of champions.
All right. fine. Just one.
And. look. I told Kelly
we'd bring it back
-with a full tank.
-Yeah. don't worry. we will.
-Slàinte.
-Slàinte. boys.
What the fuck is this cat piss
we're drinkin'? Fesner's?
Yeah. it's all the bodega had
at five in the fuckin' morning.
I noticed you didn't bring shit.
Well. I was carrying
the fuckin' thing.
You weren't carrying anything.
Yeah. well. if you change
your fuckin' tone
and you ask nicely.
maybe I'll give you a pull
of the good stuff. huh?
What's wrong
with my fuckin' tone?
Would you please
just shut the fuck up.
and let's go. all right?
We're not
on fuckin' vacation here.
this is serious fuckin' work.
All right. Yeah. be serious.
Let me just get
a little taste of that.
[all arguing]
♪ One two three four five six ♪
[♪ Road Runner ♪
[by Modern Lovers playing]
♪ Roadrunner roadrunner ♪
♪ Going faster miles an hour ♪
♪ Gonna drive past
the Stop 'n' Shop ♪
♪ With the radio on ♪♪
-[car squealing]
-This fuckin' rust bucket's
gonna choke before we get there.
Fuck you. she'll make it.
[car squealing]
I could use another beer.
Yeah. yeah. me too.
Yeah. I'm for that.
Jimmy. what do you say?
Not till we pass the state line.
I gotta take a piss.
Can we pull over?
Hey Pat. are you fuckin' deaf?
He said not till
we pass state lines.
Do you want me
to fuckin' wee my pants?
Yeah. That's what
I've been doin'.
[snickers]
Seriously? You...
[Connor] You fuck in idiot!
Don't you fuckin' piss
on the seat!
Don't fuckin' piss!
Paddy. you're so
fuckin' stupid sometimes.
I didn't... fuck you guys.
♪ I'm in love
with Massachusetts ♪
with the radio on ♪
♪ It helps me from being
alone late at night ♪
[Murphy] Praise Jesus.
♪ It helps me from being
lonely late at night ♪
♪ I don't feel so bad
now in the car ♪♪
All right. I'll grab
the rest of the beers.
You know. Mickey seems
like he's doin' okay.
Yeah. if he takes
his meds. he's okay.
Why? What happens if he doesn't?
I end up havin' to shoot
a fuckin' Italian.
Right. well.
I take it back. then.
Where the fuck is mine?
Oh. I'm sorry. Pat. my mistake.
Here. let me give you a hand.
-Jesus! Fuck it!
-[laughing]
For fuck's sake. Mickey.
put that fuckin' thing
-back on ice.
-Yeah. you motherfucker.
You're gonna fuckin'
pay for that.
What the fuck is
the matter with you. Pat?
What. you can't
take a fuckin' joke?
-Leave it. you two!
-It's not funny. eh?
Can you quit fuckin' around
and let's go?
-It was funny. Pat. It was.
-This guy's a fuckin' nut!
It was pretty... it was funny.
[Mickey] What the fuck is
wrong with this guy?
And they say I'm fuckin' crazy.
-I'll get the hand.
-Yeah. ha. ha.
Look at the thick
fingers on this guy.
[Murphy] For the record.
I wasn't scared of that hand.
[Connor] He's got nice nails.
those Italians.
[Murphy] No. I wasn't.
[workers chatting]
[door shutting]
[phone ringing]
Nice office. A bit drafty.
You'd a told me you were coming.
I'd a upped the heat.
-You want a drink?
-Nah. I'm all right.
I was just in the neighborhood.
thought I'd stop by.
ask you a question.
Sure. Shoot.
You seen Vincent Zaccaro?
No.
Why?
Well. remember.
we had that little problem
with Vincent the other day.
And then you took care
of your guy. You remember?
Yeah. I fuckin' remember.
Yeah.
Looks like Vincent's
gone missing. again.
[chuckles]
News to me.
Yeah. His wife's hysterical.
Says he missed
his kid's christening.
Thinks he might be shacked up
with some Irish whore
named Erin.
[exhales]
What's this got to do
with me. John?
Well. do you know this Erin?
If I had a nickel
for every fuckin'
Irish lass named Erin...
Let me be real clear.
If anything has happened
to Vincent like the last time.
there will be
fuckin' hell to pay.
John. I don't respond well
to threats.
Well. good. 'cause
that ain't a threat.
that's a fucking promise.
[chuckles]
John. I don't know
where this fuckin' guy is.
neither do you.
Could be anywhere.
But you coming in here.
getting in my face...
it's not helping.
[Gotti] I know
Castellano sees your value.
Otherwise you wouldn't
be allowed
in this Javits project.
But things change.
Things change.
Vinnie Zaccaro is
a low-life piece of shit.
But I didn't touch him.
and none of my men did.
Capeesh?
[Gotti] I hope you're right.
For your sake.
Hope you're right.
[door shutting]
[exhales heavily]
Fuck.
You Eamon Sweeney's boys?
-We are.
-Welcome to Boston.
[laughs]
Long trip. You must be tired.
Have a drink before
we get down to business.
Yeah. I could have a splash.
Little something.
-Small favor.
-Little sip.
We've got three
insurance policies out
on this place.
so. after you rob it.
tear it up a bit.
if ya don't mind.
[Mickey] He wants us
to trash the place?
Well. if it's for the insurance.
[punk rock music]
Here you go. boys.
[♪ Hold My Beer ♪
[by Firkin plays]
♪ I've sailed the Seven Seas ♪
♪ Caught all the fish
from them ♪
[laughing]
♪ That's nothing dude
I'd done that ♪
♪ By the age of 10 ♪
♪ Even if I'm drunk ♪
♪ I walk on water.
swim on land ♪
♪ Drink this
and rise from the dead ♪
♪ Dude. I bet you can't ♪
[laughing]
♪ Hold my beer a cinch to beat ♪
Ow!
♪ Blink and you'll
miss it dude ♪
♪ I'm gonna freakin'
top that shit ♪
♪ Hold my beer a cinch to beat ♪
[shouting]
♪ Blink and you'll
miss it dude ♪
♪ I'm gonna freakin'
top that shit ♪
Safe travels home.
And put in a good word
for me with Eamon.
Yeah.
Thank you!
[punk rock music playing]
Hey. Jim.
You're a fuckin' Van Gogh.
you know that. right?
How's that?
Painting that bar
with that dead hand.
You're fuckin' special. kid.
Oh. fuck.
What?
We got a cop.
[siren wailing]
Fuck.
-All right. pull over.
-Yeah.
And get your license
and registration handy.
And give me
that fuckin' whiskey bottle.
[tense music]
[tense music continues]
Afternoon. Officer.
I. uh. I don't think
I was speeding or nothing.
No. you weren't. Registration?
Yeah.
Who's Kelly Malloy?
Oh. that's my. uh.
that's my girlfriend.
You know. your
back license plate is
partially detached.
-I did not know that. Officer.
-[Officer] Yeah.
I don't want it falling off
on the highway.
No.
Why don't you step out?
Come have a look.
Yeah. sure thing. Officer.
Oh. just stay to the side.
Gotta watch for passing traffic.
[clears throat]
Yeah. you see
that top bolt there?
It's really clinging
to the frame.
Oh. yeah.
Yeah. I hadn't...
I hadn't noticed that.
You know. when I get
back to the city.
first thing I'm gonna do
is take care of that.
[Officer] Looks like
your car is leaking.
Yeah?
Well. it's a real piece
of shit if you hadn't noticed.
[both laugh]
Why don't you open the trunk?
You got any liquids in there?
[Connor] Uh... no.
No. just a... just a cooler.
[Officer]
That explains the puddle.
You mind if I take a look?
Prefer ya didn't.
[gunshot]
Fuckin' fuck!
The fuck you do that for?
Well. he saw the fuckin' hand!
You just killed a fuckin' cop!
Jesus Christ. Pat!
He pulled us over
'cause of the fuckin' plate!
Yeah. well. I had no choice!
You're a fuckin' idiot.
Pat. you know that?
All right. all right.
Let's get outta here.
Wait. wait. wait. wait!
I got Zaccaro's fuckin' wallet.
I pinched it from his jacket.
Oh. you thieving motherfucker!
I fuckin' love you!
Ah. all right. take his license.
throw it on the ground. And. uh.
let's put his prints
on Pat's gun.
Get in the car.
Get in the fuckin' car!
You're a fuckin' idiot.
you know that?
Fuckin' idiot!
Drive.
[engine starting]
[Polk] Well. Officer Keenan.
it looks like
your tip may be right.
Vincent Zaccaro's fingerprints
were found
at that jewelry store.
Congratulations.
Dumb luck. really.
Overheard.
[Polk] Yeah. I remember.
You overheard
a bunch of Irish drunks.
Agent Polk...
got a warrant
for Zaccaro. both home
and the Bergin Hunt & Fish Club.
Thanks. Gene. Maybe we'll pay
'em a little visit tomorrow.
Here's what I don't get.
Why would Vincent Zaccaro.
a high-ranking lieutenant.
knock off a jewelry store.
when he's got a hundred
associates who could do it?
Why would John Gotti
let him do that?
I don't know.
Maybe he's got
a cocaine problem.
Needed fast cash
without the boss's approval.
Then rob a bank.
not a jewelry store.
It doesn't make sense.
I don't know what it means.
What it means is that
the desk jockeys upstairs
who thought I was crazy
for asking you to help me
have just been proven wrong.
So. does this mean I get to go
back to being a regular cop?
[Polk] What it means
is that our work
is just beginning.
[Murphy]
I had no choice. Mr. Sweeney.
[Sweeny] Of course you did.
You coulda got rid
of the hand up in Boston.
Now we've got
a dead cop on our hands
'cause of your
fuckin' stupidity.
We were gonna do that
once we were sure
-we didn't need it.
-Where the fuck is it now.
you simpletons?
'Cause that hand ties us
to all this fuckin' shit.
Well. I put it in the freezer
downstairs at the 596.
Oh. that's great.
Go get it
and fucking destroy it.
Yes. sir.
And don't throw it
in the Hudson.
Don't bury it in the fuckin'
school yard at PS 35.
Burn it to dust.
Yes. sir. Right away.
[Sweeny] Wait.
-Declan. you take him.
-Yes. sir.
Go with him.
I don't trust you as far
as I can fuckin' throw ya. Go.
Fuck. Should've known
this thing would go tits up.
Look. we wiped down Pat's gun.
put Zaccaro's prints
all over it.
We even threw his fucking...
his fucking driver's license
on the ground.
And you gotta get rid
of the fuckin' car. yeah?
We'll torch
the whole fucking thing.
Well. hey. that's.
that's Kelly's car.
What?
It's just. I-I told...
Yeah. well. yeah.
torching it's. uh...
That's probably the...
yeah. we'll torch it.
-Yeah?
-Yeah.
No shit. Go.
Un-fucking-believable.
Jimmy.
[car doors shutting]
I know you're thinkin'
you're pulling off
some grand illusion here. but...
let me tell you something
an old man knows
that you don't.
The truth always comes out.
Get some rest.
Hey. honey. Honey.
Come here.
Is your name Erin?
-Who's askin'?
-Get in.
[clears throat]
Hey.
[Gotti] How ya doin?
Looking for some fun today?
I'm just looking
for Vincent Zaccaro.
You seen him?
The girls said that
he was one of your regulars.
Ain't seen him for a few days.
Yeah. when was
the last time you saw him?
[Erin] Like I said.
a few days ago.
Mind if I smoke?
[Gotti] No. go ahead. Here.
Oh. wow. that's beautiful.
Where'd you get that?
Oh. this? It was a gift.
From Zaccaro?
[chuckles]
No offense. but that cheap
bastard never gave me nothin'.
[chuckles]
Some rich customer then?
[Erin] I don't know about rich.
But I don't ask questions.
You should know that about me.
That's good. That's good.
So. when did you get this gift?
Yesterday.
[Gotti] Yesterday.
From who?
I really don't like to divulge
personal information.
Well. just this one time...
indulge me.
Who gave you
the fucking bracelet?
[exhales]
Glad to be rid
of that fuckin' thing.
I've never seen
a hand burn before.
Yeah?
I've seen whole people
burn alive before.
[Declan] In Vietnam?
Man. you're lucky.
I wish I went.
Yeah?
Well. how 'bout I fuckin'
throw you in there right now.
you can see what it's like?
Jesus. Flanagan.
Don't get offended.
[sighs]
[vehicle approaching]
So. I wanted to make
a few things clear.
What happened
between us years ago.
it's never gonna happen again.
Now. can you accept that?
Aye. I'm a big boy.
[Bridget] Good.
Now. having said that.
since I'm now involved
as an accessory to whatever
it is you're planning.
I'd would like
to know what it is.
Why is that?
You thinking
of rejoining the cause?
Oh. you don't trust me?
I'd trust you a whole lot more
if I knew you were in fully.
Okay. you tell me this.
once you get
the weapons to Ireland.
what do you plan
to use them for?
Who says they're going
to Ireland?
England?
I'll tell you this much...
I'm gonna use them right here.
in New York.
[tense music]
[Declan] Can I buy ya a drink?
No. I'm gonna go see
a lady actually.
Oh. I can't say I blame ya.
Oh. excuse me.
Which one of you is Flanagan?
That's me. Who the fuck are you?
[grunting]
Get the fuck off me!
Get the fuck in there!
Fuck!
[tires squealing]
[♪ Brewing Up A Storm ♪
[by The Stunning playing]
♪ Give it to me raw ♪
♪ I'll take it home
cook it myself ♪
♪ Brewing up a storm ♪
♪ Brewing up inside
and his eyes are wild ♪
♪ And it can't go on ♪
♪ He's brewing up a storm ♪
♪ Can't afford to lose touch ♪
♪ Can't afford to lose control ♪
♪ The doors are open wide ♪
♪ And the wind blows
a bitter cold ♪
♪ Man holds a mystery
someone else holds the key ♪
♪ Oh it's a shame
they're the same ♪
♪ The answer doesn't
have to be ♪
♪ Brewing up a storm ♪
♪ Brewing up inside
and his eyes are wild ♪
♪ And it can't go on ♪
♪ He's brewing up a storm ♪♪
Subtitling: difuze
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today